Learn English in Los Angeles. Come to learn English in Los Angeles. We can offer you great summer English courses.
You will love coming to Los Angeles to learn about American culture and improve your English at the same time.
The courses last for four, six or eight weeks. They start at the end of July.
Our teachers are well trained and have a lot of experience. They teach English classes for four hours a day.
You can work in small or large groups. It depends on your personal choice.
We provide books and we set tests every week to check your progress.
There are also computers for personal study. As well as learning English, we want you to experience life in the US.
You can stay as a guest with an American family and take part in their daily life.
You will have meals with the family and do some activities with them too.
For many of our students, this is the best part of the course.
Many families form close friendships with the students and stay in touch with them.
But if you prefer, of course, you can stay in a hotel.
There are many exciting things to do in Los Angeles. We plan activities every day after class.
You can choose to take trips to Hollywood, Disneyland or San Francisco or you can go shopping.
You are certain to get the best possible experience of English learning and life in the US.
You must pay for your course at least one month before it starts.
Do not wait. Fill out our form and come to learn English in Los Angeles.